1. Delete all minikube objects:
     minikube delete --all

2. Start a minikube cluster with 3 nodes:
    minikube start --nodes 3
    verify that you have 3 nodes, and get their IP addresses

3. Create the following 2 deployments:
    kubectl create deployment multitool --image=praqma/network-multitool
    kubectl create deployment nginx --image=nginx:1.7.9

    Multitool  (praqma/network-multitool) is an image that contains many networking tool, and designed to help
    during testing and troubleshooting.
    See here:
        https://github.com/Praqma/Network-MultiTool
    Nginx is a set of web tool (mainly a web server but also a load balancer, mail proxy, reverse proxy etc.)
    See here for details:
        https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nginx

4. Expose a ClusterIP type service based on  the nginx  deployment:
      kubectl expose deployment nginx --port 80 --type ClusterIP

      and verify that the service was created:
      kubectl get services

      The IP address that you'll see is a Kubernetes internal address, and cannot be seen from the outside,
      (sn not from the computer in our case).
      We should be able to access it from inside the cluster (next section)>

5. Verify the name of the multitool pod, and then run a shell inside it:

    kubectl get pods

    kubectl exec -it multitool-74477484b8-cm442 -c network-multitool -- /bin/sh
    (the command specifies the pod, and then the container inside that pod. Use kubectl describe pods to
      see the comtainer names inside that pod).
    Since there is only one container in that pod, you can omit the container part:
        kubectl exec -it multitool-bla-bla-pod-name -- /bin/sh

6. Find the cluster IP address of the nginx pod:
    Use (in some other terminal):
        kubectl get pods -o wide
    Then use curl to get some data:
        curl -s 10.244.1.2 | grep h1

    Retry to do the same using DNS !!!
        curl -s nginx | grep h1

7. Use the describe command to view details.
   You can see the ClusterIP service IP address there.
   You can also use nslookup inside the multitool pod:
        # nslookup nginx

8. Don't delete anything, and continue from here to the next exercise: nodeport-exe.txt